B kosis user guide (#132)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/user-guide/deepsparse-engine.mdx

# User Guides for the DeepSparse Engine

> Users guide offer information for exploring additional and advanced functionality for the DeepSparse Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user guide offers information for exploring additional and advanced functionality for the DeepSparse Engine.
```
